Deep Cuts Factions
x Added setting toggle for factions module to gear menu
x Display modestly reconfigures itself when toggling the module.
x Codework done to switch between two different faction list data objects depending on whether or not the DC Factions module is activated.
x For DC factions, got the districts Citizenry list to split into new Citizens vs Nobility/Bosses lists
x Added Deep Cuts factions: Tangletown, Covenant, Unity Commission, Rowan House, Strangford House, Ironworks Labor, Void Divers, Ragskulla, Sparkrunners, Unchained, Strangers
x Added "Other" faction area for ad hoc creation of factions that don't fit any other category
x Reworked the display of the Faction sheet in general (both with and without DC) to give it some more pleasant flexibility rather than having hard (invisible) grid structure vertically.

Deep Cuts Harm Module
x Added setting toggle for harm module to gear menu
x Harm area reconfig
x Harm share button (bell) reimplementation
x Cutter playbook. Change the ability: Vigorous becomes Like Hardened Steel: Permanently fill one segment of your healing clock. When you fight unarmed, your body is a fine weapon.
x Hound playbook. Change the ability: Tough as Nails: You gain a second space to record level 3 Harm. When you suffer a mortal wound, you may mark 3 Stress to stabilize it and stay alive. 
x The playbook doesn't automatically alter itself when you take the new version of Tough as Nails, but there is a setting in the gear menu now that shows up when the Harm module is active and which you can toggle to get the second level 3 harm box.
x Crew Sheet: Cult. Change ability: Anointed: Choose a type of supernatural being: ghost, vampire, or demon —you now bear a ritual tattoo of warding against them. When you suffer Harm from a creature of that type, reduce its level by one.
x Crew Sheet: Alter crew's harm-tracking display to lose the "weak/impaired/broken" labels and instead just give three markers after the word "harm". Armor remains as is.

Deep Cuts Load Module
x Added setting toggle for load module to gear menu
x Added ability to override the default Load values when load module is active (swapping out the override controls for the non-module defaults)
x Change Load choices To: Discreet: 4 (no heavy items) Conspicuous: 6
x Cutter. Change Ability: Mule: Your load limits are higher. Conspicuous: 8. Discreet: 6. You’re encumbered at 9 boxes of load and can carry a maximum of 10 load. Carrying heavy items doesn't affect your speed or agility
x Separate list of normal items, heavy items, and playbook items. (This was complex to engineer without completely redoing how items are handled in the character sheet, which was a nonstarter conceptually. But, I've gotten a pretty good fit in place.)
x Crew: Change all Rigging options: Rigging: Carry 2 free load of [a particular class of item], including a heavy item while your load is discreet, if you wish.

Deep Cuts Advancement Module
x Added setting toggle for advancement module to gear menu
x Ability to set the advancement clocks sizes at 4, 6, or 8 segments (default 6)
x Removed XP tracker Above the Character Special Abilities
x Removed XP trackers next to Insight, Prowess, and Resolve
x Replaced XP triggers (below the special abilities) with Deep Cuts versions
x Added XP clocks in XP section, along with instructions
x Removed XP tracker above the Crew Special Abilities
x Added XP clocks in Crew XP section.

Deep Cuts Downtime Module
x Added setting toggle for downtime module to gear menu
x Added a 4-tick Debt clock to all playbook sheets, to the right of the vice/purveyor area, "north" from healing and coin area. When the Downtime module is active, the "indulge vice" button disappears at the debt clock takes up its space.
x Made the Connected, Functioning Vice, Vigorous, Physicker, and Sinister Guile playbook abilities swap to their Deep Cuts Downtime Module versions
x Made the No Traces, Patron, and Slippery crew abilities swap to their Deep Cuts Downtime Module versions
x Implemented function to handle swapping certain crew Claims in response to the Downtime module being active; used for Warehouse and Warehouses claims.
x Increased size of crew vaults when in Downtime Module mode; ensured that current balance is reflected in new vault config when switching the module on/off.
x Added a "bank" field, right underneath vaults, to display when in Downtime Module mode
x Added "Ward Boss" field for both standard and deep cuts modes
x Made a debt clock appear next to Ward Boss when the downtime module is active
x Changed all crew upgrades to have a coin cost when in Downtime Module mode

Deep Cuts Action Module
x Added setting toggle for action module to gear menu
x Changed position options on action rolls to remove Controlled when the Action module is active. (In the module, you do not roll if the current position is Controlled.)
x Changed subtitle and instructional text on roll display for Push (aka Resist) rolls when the Action module is active
x Created an "Edge" field underneath the actions & attributes that displays when Action module is active.
x Removed the "push yourself" option from the "Bonus Die" box when the action module is active.
x Characters abilities given DC alts when Action is active: Ambush, Bodyguard, Daredevil, Expertise, Foresight, Ghost Mind, Iron Will, Mastermind, Savage, Scout, Trust in Me
x Crew abilities given DC alts when Action is active: Blood Brothers, Bound in Darkness, Synchronized. 
x Crew turf claim given DC alt when Action is active: Informants

GO THROUGH ALL PLAYBOOK ABILITIES REASSIGNED BY setDCPlaybookAbilitySwap and make sure all playbooks are covered there.

LOOK AT HOW TYPING IN THE ABILITY TRIGGER WORKS with special abilities, and get it functioning more correctly. If I type in, say, Daredevil but the Action module is active it should know to grab Daredevil DC ideally.

MAKE DC MODULE SETTINGS SETTABLE on the game settings via sheet.json

IMPLEMENT NEW STRANGER PLAYBOOK

ITEMS PENDING CONFIRMATION
- Downtime module:
	- Determine if it's correct to have a Debt clock on Vampire playbook. [pending John]
	- Determine if it's correct to *lack* a Debt clock on Ghost and Hull playbooks. [pending John]
	- Determine if it's correct to have a coin track on the Ghost playbook [pending John]
	- Determine if we should have a Ward Boss in both standard and deep cuts mode
